This is a stepper motor controller. Based on DRV8825 by Texas Instruments.
The firmware is published by GPL2 https://github.com/bibishte/firmwares/tree/master/stepper_firmowares

  I have decided to make it becouse my dad bought a few kits from ebay and they didn't work as expected.
Also the good once were too expensive or too big or the shipment is too difficult and expensive for me or they have inappropriate property interface.
  During the design i had a lot of challenges like: what kind of driver and microcontroller should I use, what kind of parameter should have the driver, 
which kind of command protocol should be implemented. At the end with the guidance of my dad we decided that it should have easy serial interface RS232
or RS485. Also we decided that the microcontroller probably should be Atmega8 and the driver must approximately cover in between 2 to 3 Amps. Also the PCB
must have simple galvanic insolated interface with type direction/step to be able to work propperly into my future project for RepRap printer and CNC milling
machine. The best choice without any quality compromise is new brand of Texas Instrument chip DRV8825. This chip supports also microsteps mode up to 32
microsteps. During the development of schematic and PCB my dad has been guiding me with electronic rules and laws. 
  After a month the design part and interface was done. It turned out that this was the easyest and the fastest part of the project. After that started a horrible 
procedure for procurement of components and PCB manufecturer, clarifing the PCB manufactoring technology and so on. After mont and a half I had all the
components and PCBs, I thought that this was the end but this wasn't the end of the challenge. The DRV8825 driver I couldnt solder manually. My dad purchased the
solder paste and the stencil. After that everything started going in the right and espected way. The programme was created and uploaded after a few optimizations of
the size of code.
  If you rather to save all this pangs you could order me to make it for you, becouse I already have the needed materials and the tools. What can I offer the total 
PCB(gold-nickel plated) cost is $95. In this price wasn't included the box(http://store.comet.bg/Catalogue/Product/7844/) and the 
shipment. If you don\'t need all the features of the project just write me on bibishte@gmail.com and I will recalculate it.
  Everyone who has decided to make it by himself feel free to ask me on bibishte@gmail.com
